"Cop: I'm arresting you for downloading the entire Wikipedia." Man: "Wait! I can explain everything!"
'Did you get your haircut?' No, I got them all cut.
'I'll call you later.' Don't call me later, call me Dad.
'Siri,' I asked my phone, 'why am I so bad with women?' She responded, 'I’m Bixby, you moron.'
'Your wife and daughter look like twins,' my friend said. 'Well,' I replied, 'they were separated at birth.'
30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died.
5/4 of people admit they’re bad at fractions.
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell.
A century ago, two brothers decided it was possible to fly. And as you can see, they were Wright.
A cheeseburger walks into a bar. The bartender says, 'Sorry, we don't serve food here.'
A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, 'It's a moving violation.'
A doctor walks into a room with a dying patient and tells him, 'I’m sorry, but you only have ten left.' The patient asks him, 'Ten what, Doc? Hours? Days? Weeks?' The doctor calmly looks at him and says, 'Nine.'
A guy walks into a bar... and he was disqualified from the limbo contest.
A man walks into a bar. The bartender asks, 'What do you want?' The man says, 'Oh, just some fruit punch.' The bartender sighs and shakes his head, 'If you want punch, you're gonna have to wait in line.' The man looks around, but there is no punchline.
A man walks into a magic forest and tries to cut down a talking tree. 'You can't cut me down,' the tree complains. 'I’m a talking tree!' The man responds, 'You may be a talking tree, but you will dialogue.'
A panic-stricken man explained to his doctor, 'You have to help me, I think I’m shrinking.' 'Now settle down,' the doctor calmly told him. 'You'll just have to learn to be a little patient.'
A ship carrying red paint and a ship carrying blue paint collide in the middle of the ocean. Both crews were marooned.
A skeleton walks into a bar and says, 'Hey, bartender. I'll have one beer and a mop.'
A witch's vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom!
After an unsuccessful harvest, why did the farmer decide to try a career in music? Because he had a ton of sick beets.
After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it.
Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation.
All vampires keep their money in a special place—the blood bank.
Am I the only man my wife has ever dated? Unfortunately, yes, she said the others were all nines or tens!
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. At least it does if you throw it hard enough.
Anyone looking to buy a Delorean? Good shape, good mileage. Only driven from time to time
As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice.
At the job interview, they asked me, 'Where do you see yourself in five years?'
Can February March? No, but April May!
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends.
Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, houses can't jump.
Clothes, but no cigar.
Dad, can you put my shoes on? No, I don't think they'll fit me.
Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire.
Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut!
Dear Math, grow up and solve your own problems.
Dear Math, it's time to grow up and solve your own problems.
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head!
Did you hear Bruce Springsteen changed the lyrics to one of his songs? What’s he going to change next—his hair? His clothes? His face?
Did you hear about the actor who broke his leg onstage? He's still in the cast.
Did you hear about the bossy man at the bar? He ordered everyone around.
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents!
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just wanted a bit more space.
Did you hear about the guy who drank invisible ink? He's at the hospital waiting to be seen.
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint!
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.
Did you hear about the guy who was afraid of hurdles? He got over it.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's okay, he woke up.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It’s fine, he woke up.
Did you hear about the outlet who got in a fight with the power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere!
Did you hear the one about the roof? Never mind, it's over your head.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to go spreading it!
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!
Did you know corduroy pillows are in style? They're making headlines.
Did you know that the first french fries weren’t cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
Did you know your pupils are the last part to stop working when you die? They dilate.
Do mascara and lipstick ever argue? Sure, but then they makeup.
Do you know how many people are dead at a cemetery? All of them.
Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? 'Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.'
Do you wanna box for your leftovers? No, but I'll wrestle you for them.
Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I'm just asking for a friend.
Dogs can't operate MRI machines but catscan.
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines, but cats-can.
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines. But catscan.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!
During my calculus test, I had to sit between identical twins. It was hard to differentiate between them.
Ever since we started quarantining, I've only been telling inside jokes.
Getting paid to sleep is a true dream job.
Ghosts are bad liars because you can see right through them.
Give a man a plane ticket and he flies for the day. Push him out of the plane at 3,000 feet and he’ll fly for the rest of his life.
Have you ever tried to catch a fog? I tried yesterday but I mist.
Have you heard about the chocolate record player? It sounds pretty sweet.
Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines.
How can you mend a broken pumpkin? Use a pumpkin patch.
How can you tell if a tree is a dogwood tree? By its bark.
How can you tell it’s a dogwood tree? By the bark.
How come the Hulk doesn't lose his pants when he transforms? The experiment altered his jeans.
How did Harry Potter get down the hill? Walking. JK! Rowling.
How did the barber win the race? He knew a shortcut.
How did the dad prank his daughter using fake dog poop on April Fools Day? He told her to look out for her new sham-poo in the shower.
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet.
How do birds learn how to fly? They wing it!
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
How do cows shop? From cattle-logs.
How do cows stay up to date? They read the Moo-spaper.
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane.
How do frogs invest their money? They use a stock croaker.
How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!
How do nonbinary people hurt each other? They slash them. (They/them)
How do trees get on the internet? They log in.
How do you catch a squirrel? Climb a tree and act like a nut!
How do you deal with a fear of speed bumps? You slowly get over it.
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm? You look for fresh prints.
How do you follow Will Smith in the Mud? Follow the fresh prints.
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow? You follow the fresh prints.
How do you get a country girl’s attention? A tractor.
How do you get a good price on a sled? You have toboggan.
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.
How do you know when a chicken is evil? It lays deviled eggs.
How do you make 7 even? Take away the s.
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s.
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it!
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
How do you make a water bed bouncier? Add spring water.
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles!
How do you measure the mass of an influencer's following? By Instagrams!
How do you row a canoe filled with puppies? Bring out the doggy paddle.
How do you stop a bull from charging? Cancel its credit card.
How do you talk to a giant? You use big words!
How do you teach kids about taxes? Eat 38% of their ice cream.
How do you tell a scientist that they have bad breath? Offer them an experi-mint.
How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet.
How do you weigh a millennial? In Instagrams.
How does Darth Vader like his toast? On the dark side.
How does a hurricane see? With one eye.
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I'll be suing ya!
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together.
How does a penguin build his house? Igloos it together.
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.
How does a taco say grace? Lettuce pray.
How does cereal pay its bills? With Chex.
How does dry skin affect you at work? You don’t have any elbow grease to put into it.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
How many apples can you grow on a tree? All of them.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb? The answer will shock you!
How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it during dinner.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
How much does it cost Santa to park his sleigh? Nothing, it's on the house.
How much money does a skunk have? Only one scent.
How was the handsome runner described? Dashing.
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there's a salad dressing.
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren't going to work out.
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.
I asked my wife if I was the only one she slept with. She said yes—the others were 7’s and 8’s.
I asked the IT guy, 'How do you make a Motherboard?' He said, 'I tell her about my job.'
I ate a clock the other day. It was very time consuming.
I bought Spotify premium for an uninterrupted music experience. But I still hear my wife’s bickering between songs.
I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked if it was to scale. "No," I said. "It's to look at."
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she’s standing.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy.
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—it was just gathering dust!
I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there.
I didn’t get a haircut, I got them all cut.
I don't get why bakers aren't wealthier. They make so much dough.
I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks!
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
I don't trust those trees. They seem kind of shady.
I don’t get why Marvel doesn’t use the Hulk to advertise more. He’s basically one big Banner.
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet today. It was clogged.
I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out. The cashier said never mind.
I had a date last night and it was perfect. Tomorrow, I’ll have a fig.
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since.
I had an appointment to see my psychic next week, but she just called to cancel.
I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust.
I hate Velcro. It's a rip off.
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word.
I hate my job—all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me.
I have a clean conscious—it's never been used.
I have a fish that can breakdance. Only for ten seconds though, and only once.
I have a joke about chemistry, but I don't think it will get a reaction.
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it.
I have an inferiority complex, but it's not a very good one.
I haven't spoken to my wife in four years. I thought it would be rude to interrupt her!
I heard Sony’s coming out with a new console during the pandemic...It’s called the Plaguestation 5.
I just applied for a job down at the diner. I told them I really bring a lot to the table.
I just broke up with my mathematician girlfriend. She was obsessed with an X.
I just don't trust stairs, they're always up to something.
I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally.
I just found out I’m colorblind. The news came out of the purple!
I just got my doctor's test results and I’m really upset. Turns out, I’m not gonna be a doctor.
I just read that someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor bastard.
I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesn't come with a driver. I can't believe I have nothing to chauffer it.
I know a lot of jokes about retired people, but none of them work.
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!
I like telling Dad jokes…sometimes he laughs.
I like to spend my weekends playing chess with elderly men in the park. But it’s becoming more difficult. You try finding exactly32 old guys.
I lost my job at the bank on my first day. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over.
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes, he even laughs.
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.
I once got fired from a canned juice company. Apparently I couldn't concentrate.
I once had a dream I was floating in an ocean of orange soda. It was more of a fanta sea.
I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, 'I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.'
I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it's more of a wrap.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet—I don't know y.
I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know...
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know.
I signed up for a marathon, but how will I know if it’s the real deal or just a run through?
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice.
I tell dad jokes, but I don’t have any kids. I’m a faux pa.
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique guns collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns.
I thought the dryer was shrinking my clothes. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along.
I told him, 'I think we’ll still be using mirrors in five years.'
I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but he said it’s just a bug going around.
I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but she said it's just a bug that's going around.
I told my girlfriend she drew on her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised.
I told my wife she should embrace her mistakes. She gave me a hug.
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar.
I tried to get a smart car the other day but they sold out too fast. Why? I guess I'm just a bit slow.
I tried to start a professional hide and seek team, but it didn't work out. Turns out, good players are hard to find.
I used to be a baker, but I couldn't make enough dough.
I used to be a banker, but I lost interest.
I used to be a personal trainer. Then I gave my too weak notice.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I’m clean now.
I used to be addicted to the hokey-pokey until I turned myself around.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
I used to hate facial hair...but then it grew on me.
I used to have a job at a calendar factory, but I got fired because I took a couple of days off.
I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands.
I used to play piano by ear. Now I use my hands.
I used to run a dating service for chickens. But I was struggling to make hens meet.
I want to make a brief joke, but it’s a little cheesy.
I wanted my kids to watch the orchestra, but I had to turn it off—too much sax and violins.
I wanted to buy a pair of camouflage pants, but I couldn't find any.
I was excited to hear Apple might start selling its own cars until I learned they wouldn’t support windows.
I was going to tell a joke about water, but it was too tasteless.
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn't like it.
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn't like it.
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn’t like it.
I was going to tell you a joke about time travel, but you didn't like it.
I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody.
I was playing chess with my friend and he said, 'Let’s make this interesting.' So we stopped playing chess.
I was reading a great book about an immortal dog the other day. It was impossible to put down.
I was sitting on the back porch with my wife when I suddenly blurted out, 'I love you.' 'Is that you or the beer talking?' she asked. I answered, 'It’s me… talking to my beer.'
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
I went to a smoke shop only to discover it’d been replaced by an apparel store.
I went to buy some camouflage pants, but I couldn't find any.
I wish my gray hair started in Las Vegas because what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.
I wish my kids weren't offended by my Frozen jokes. They really need to let it go!
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you. It's a little fishy!
I'm Buzz Aldrin, second man to step on the moon. Neil before me.
I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.
I'm on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it.
I'm reading an anti-gravity book. I can't put it down!
I'm so good at sleeping that I do it with my eyes closed.
I'm so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!
I'm thinking I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
I'm worried for the calendar because its days are numbered.
I'm writing a book about glue, but I'm stuck on the first chapter.
I've got a great joke about construction, but I'm still working on it.
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands.
If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled?
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies.
If the early bird gets the worm, I'll sleep in until there's pancakes.
If the early bird gets the worm, I’ll sleep in until there’s pancakes.
If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef?
If you donate a kidney, everybody loves you and you’re a total hero. But try donating five kidneys and suddenly everyone is yelling and the police get called.
If you feel like someone is watching you, you're not alone.
If you see a burglary at an Apple store, you become an iWitness.
If you see a crime at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?
If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness?
If you see a crime happen at the Apple store, what does it make you? An iWitness.
If you're feeling depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before you go to sleep. It'll give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning.
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That’s the punch line.
In 2017 I didn't do a marathon. I didn't do one in 2018, 2019, or 2020, either. This is a running joke.
In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble.
In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart.
In my free time, I like to help blind people. Verb, not adjective.
Is there anything worse than when it's raining cats and dogs? Yes! Hailing taxis.
Is this pool safe for diving? It deep ends.
It really takes guts to be an organ donor.
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
It's easy to convince ladies not to eat Tide Pods, but harder to deter gents.
It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa.
I’m addicted to collecting vintage Beatles albums. I need Help.
I’m so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed.
I’ve been bored recently, so I decided to take up fencing. The neighbors keep demanding that I put it back.
I’ve been thinking about taking up meditation. I figure it’s better than sitting around doing nothing.
Just got back from a job interview where I was asked if I could perform under pressure. I said I wasn’t too sure about that but I could do a wicked 'Bohemian Rhapsody.'
Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be just-water.
Lance isn't that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot.
Marriage involves three rings: The engagement ring, the wedding ring, and the suffer-ring.
Mountains aren't just funny. They're hill areas.
My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!
My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home.
My dad told me a joke about boxing. I guess I missed the punch line.
My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed.
My doctor told me I was going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear.
My ex and I had a very amicable divorce. I know this because when I posted on Facebook, 'I’m getting a divorce,' she was the first one to like it.
My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don't believe him, but that's his story and he's sticking to it.
My friend couldn't afford to pay his bill, so I sent him a "Get Well Soon" card.
My friend said that if he went off a cliff, it would be on his own accord. It’s a good thing he drives a Civic.
My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. 'That's my stepladder,' he said. 'I never knew my real ladder.'
My girlfriend keeps accusing me of cheating. She's starting to sound like my wife.
My grief counselor died the other day. He was so good at his job, I don’t even care.
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool.
My kid gave me a 'World's Best Dad' mug. At least she inherited my sense of humor.
My kid is blaming me for ruining their birthday. That's ridiculous, I didn't even know it was today!
My landlord told me we need to talk about the heating bill. "Sure," I said. "My door is always open."
My son asked me to put his shoes on, but I don’t think they’ll fit me.
My wife and I were out to dinner and the waitress started flirting with me. 'She obviously has COVID,' my wife said. 'Why?' I asked. 'Because she has no taste.'
My wife asked me the other day where I got so much candy. I said, 'I always have a few Twix up my sleeve.'
My wife asked me to go get 6 cans of Sprite from the grocery store. I realized when I got home that I had picked 7 up.
My wife asked me to stop singing 'Wonderwall' to her. I said Maybe...
My wife gave birth three times and still fits in her prom dress from high school. I gave birth zero times and I don’t fit in my pants from March.
My wife gave me an ultimatum: Her or my addiction to sweets. The decision was a piece of cake.
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right!
My wife left a note on the fridge that said, 'This isn't working.' I’m not sure what she’s talking about. I opened the fridge door and it’s working fine!
My wife left me because of my obsession with pasta. I'm feeling cannelloni right now.
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
My wife told me she didn't understand cloning. I told her, 'That makes two of us.'
My wife told me she’ll slam my head on the keyboard if I don't get off the computer. I’m not too worried, I think she’s jokinlkjhfakljn m,.nbziyoao78yv87dfaoyuofaytdf
My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment.
My wife told me to quit doing my terrible Arnold impression, but don't worry, I'll return.
My wife wanted to spice up our sex life, so she asked if we could play doctor tonight. It seemed like a weird idea, but I’m eager to please.
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them.
Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named worst employee at the toy factory.
Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable.
One friend complained to another, 'All my husband and I do anymore is fight. I've been so upset, I’ve lost 20 pounds.' 'If it’s that bad, why don’t you just leave him?' asked the second friend. 'I’d like to lose another fifteen pounds first.'
Our vacuum cleaner is getting old. It's just gathering dust.
People are usually shocked that I have a Police record. But I love their greatest hits!
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece.
RIP boiled water—you will be mist.
RIP boiling water, you will be mist.
She said I won’t be able to make it.
Shouldn’t the 'roof' of your mouth actually be called the ceiling?
Shout out to my fingers. I can count on all of them.
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it becomes a soap opera.
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.
Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said 'parking fine.'
Someone told me that I should write a book. I said, 'That’s a novel concept.'
Sore throats are a pain in the neck.
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants.
Spring is here! I got so excited that I wet my plants.
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter.
Stop looking for the perfect match…use a lighter.
Sundays are always a little sad, but the day before is a sadder day.
Swords will never go obsolete. They're cutting edge technology.
That car looks nice but the muffler seems exhausted.
The coach went to the bank to get his quarterback.
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this
The first thing Santa's elves learn in school is their elf-abet.
The guy who stole my diary just died. My thoughts are with his family.
The pony couldn't sing because it was a little horse.
The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions.
They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if it’s poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important.
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in.
This morning, Siri said, 'Don’t call me Shirley.' I accidentally left my phone in Airplane mode.
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together.
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word.
Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up.
Try the seafood diet—you see food, then you eat it.
Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, 'Do you know how to drive this thing?'
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked.
Two sheep walk into a—baaaa.
Wanna hear a joke about construction? I'm still workin' on it!
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable.
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it's tearable.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I’m still working on it.
Want to know why nurses like red crayons? Sometimes they have to draw blood.
What animals are the best to call if you get locked out of your house? Monkeys.
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday. All the others are weekdays.
What brand of underwear do scientists wear? Kelvin Klein.
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
What country's capital is growing the fastest? Ireland. Every day it's Dublin.
What did Baby Corn say to Mama Corn? Where's Pop Corn?
What did Tennessee? The same thing as Arkansas.
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI.
What did one Dorito farmer say to the other? 'Cool Ranch!'
What did one furniture maker say to another during a tense discussion? Let's table this.
What did one hat say to the other hat? You stay here, I'll go on ahead!
What did one hat say to the other? Stay here! I'm going on ahead.
What did one monocle say to the other monocle? Let's get together and make a spectacle of ourselves.
What did one plate whisper to the other plate? Dinner is on me.
What did one wall say to the other wall? I'll meet you at the corner!
What did one wall say to the other? I'll meet you at the corner.
What did the accountant say while auditing a document? This is taxing.
What did the air conditioner say when it met a celebrity? I'm a big fan.
What did the baby corn say to the mama corn? Where's popcorn?
What did the baker say when she won an award? It was a piece of cake.
What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can't talk!
What did the big flower say to the little flower? Hi, bud!
What did the buffalo say to its son when he left? Bison!
What did the coffee report to the police? A mugging.
What did the dad say when his golden retriever was caught eating a hot dog? It's a dog eat dog world out there.
What did the dishwasher say to the oven after a productive day? You've been on fire!
What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna One, Anna Two!
What did the dryer say to the boring duvet cover that just got out of the washer? Don't be such a wet blanket.
What did the fish say when he hit the wall? Dam.
What did the flowers do when the bride walked down the aisle? They rose.
What did the geometry teacher say when the class had trouble solving a problem? Let's try a different angle.
What did the grape say when it got stepped on? Nothing, it just let out a little wine.
What did the husband say to his wife right after getting LASIK surgery? Aren't you a sight for sore eyes?
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
What did the juicer say to the orange during self-quarantine? Can’t wait to squeeze you!
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me!
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes.
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You're under a vest!
What did the police officer say to his belly-button? You’re under a vest.
What did the roof say to the shingle? The first one is on the house.
What did the sapphire's best friend tell her? You're a real gem.
What did the seal with one fin say to the shark? If seal is broken, do not consume.
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed!
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight.
What did the vet say to the cat? How are you feline?
What did the zero say to the eight? That belt looks good on you.
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common? They're both Paris sites.
What do clouds wear? Thunderwear.
What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips.
What do frogs use to track their exercise? Fit (rib)bits.
What do houses wear? An address.
What do lawyers wear to work? Law suits.
What do lions use to look at their manes? Mirroars.
What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing—they fast.
What do you call 26 letters that went for a swim? Alphawetical.
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals? Philippe Flop.
What do you call a baby sheep that knows karate? A lamb chop.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Un-bee-lievable.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbelievable.
What do you call a belt made of watches? A waist of time.
What do you call a bundle of hay in a church? Christian Bale.
What do you call a can opener that doesn't work? A can't opener. 
What do you call a factory that makes okay products? A satisfactory.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated.
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie? Sofishticated.
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious.
What do you call a gnat with a sore throat? A hoarse fly.
What do you call a hot dog on wheels? Fast food!
What do you call a lazy baby kangaroo? A pouch potato!
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue.
What do you call a naughty lamb dressed up like a skeleton for Halloween? Baaad to the bone.
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless.
What do you call a pony with a sore throat? A little hoarse.
What do you call a poor Santa Claus? St. Nickel-less.
What do you call a pudgy psychic? A four-chin teller.
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso.
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer.
What do you call a snowman with a six-pack? An abdominal snowman!
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear!
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
What do you call an angry musician flipping someone off? A song bird.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
What do you call an unpredictable camera? A loose Canon.
What do you call bears with no ears? B.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07.
What do you call it when a group of apes starts a company? Monkey business.
What do you call it when a lawyer takes a test early in the morning? A breakfast bar.
What do you call it when a snowman throws a tantrum? A meltdown.
What do you call someone who refuses to fart in public? A private tutor.
What do you call someone who tells dad jokes but isn't a dad? A faux pa.
What do you call someone who won't stick to a diet? A desserter.
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
What do you call spiders who just got married? Newly-webs.
What do you call two monkeys that share an Amazon account? Prime mates.
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon Prime account? Prime mates.
What do you call two octopuses that look the same? Itenticle.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemon-aid.
What do you give the dentist of the year? A little plaque.
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday!
What does Rockin' Robin do when she's bored? Tweet.
What does a baby computer call his father? Data.
What does a bee use to brush its hair? A honeycomb!
What does a house wear? Address.
What does a karate master get rewarded with while driving? A seat belt.
What does a lemon say when it answers the phone? Yellow!
What does a librarian use to go fishing? A bookworm.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business.
What does a painter do when he gets cold? Puts on another coat.
What does a sprinter eat before a race? Nothing, they fast!
What does a writer have in common with a football player? Anxiety over a rough draft.
What does garlic do when it gets hot? It takes its cloves off.
What does the stork do once he's delivered the baby? He lies on the couch and drinks a beer!
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel.
What happened when the blue ship and the red ship collided at sea? Their crews were marooned.
What happens when M&M’s can’t agree on anything? They reach an M-passe.
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
What happens when a strawberry gets run over crossing the street? Traffic jam.
What happens when doctors get frustrated? They lose their patients.
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield!
What has five toes and isn't your foot? My foot.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
What has more letters than the alphabet? The post office!
What has one head, one foot, and four legs? A bed.
What is Marco's favorite clothing store? Polo.
What is a guitar player's favorite Italian food? Strum-boli.
What is a scarecrow's favorite fruit? Straw-berries.
What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac?
What key is used to open bananas? A mon-key.
What kind of bird is always getting hurt? The owl.
What kind of bird works on a construction site? A crane.
What kind of bug can tell time? A clock-roach.
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A  Lamborghini.
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini.
What kind of car does an egg drive? A yolkswagen.
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
What kind of cleaning product feels a lot of motivation in life? All-purpose.
What kind of drink can be bitter and sweet? Reali-tea.
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries.
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
What kind of music do chiropractors like? Hip pop.
What kind of noise does a witch’s vehicle make? Brrrroooom, brrroooom.
What kind of shape may have been knighted? Cir-cles.
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers!
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
What made the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
What makes a basketball court trendy and accessorized? The hoops.
What musical instrument do you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste!
What part of the museum makes everyone sneeze? The sta-tues.
What piece on the playground is always exhausted? The tire swing.
What rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore.
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
What vegetable is cool, but not that cool? Radish.
What vegetable is kind to everyone? The sweet potato.
What was Sherlock Holmes' favorite protein source? Mystery meat.
What was said about the messy, angry man who was eating a can of Pringles? He's got a chip on his shoulder.
What would the Terminator be called in his retirement? The Exterminator.
What's 90 degrees but covered with ice? The North and South Poles.
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1
What's a crafty dancer's favorite hobby? Cutting a rug.
What's a foot long and slippery? A slipper.
What's a lawyer's favorite drink? Subpoena colada.
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers!
What's a robot's favorite snack? Computer chips.
What's a sea monster's favorite lunch? Fish and ships.
What's a tornado's favorite game? Twister!
What's a writer's favorite train station? Penn Station.
What's blue and not very heavy? Light blue.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
What's either a really gross animal issue OR an impressive, magical school? Hogwarts.
What's it called when kittens get stuck in a tree? A cat-astrophe.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot!
What's the best smelling insect? A deodor-ant.
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.
What's the difference between a man's wallet before and after kids? There are pictures where the money used to be.
What's the difference between a well-dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
What's the difference between the bird flu and the swine flu? One requires tweetment and the other an oinkment.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of the computer? The Space Bar.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
What’s green and has wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels.
What’s red and smells like blue paint? Red paint.
What’s the best thing about living in Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus.
What’s the difference between a wizard who raises the undead and a sexy vampire? One is a necromancer and the other is a neck romancer.
What’s the most detail-oriented ocean? The Pacific.
What’s the most patriotic sport? Flag football.
What’s the name of a very polite, European body of water? Merci.
What’s worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm? Biting into an apple and finding half a worm.
When I die, I want to be cremated. It’s my last chance to have a smokin’ hot body.
When I see the names of lovers engraved on a tree, I don’t find it cute or romantic. I find it weird how many people take knives with them on dates.
When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime.
When a toddler reaches the 'why?' stage, it's like opening a bottle of champagne—once it's uncorked, there's no going back.
When does Friday come before Thursday? In the dictionary.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
When does a joke become a 'dad joke?' When it becomes apparent.
When does a joke turn into a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
When my uncle Frank died, he wanted his remains to be buried in his favorite beer mug. His last wish was to be Frank in Stein.
When two vegans get in an argument, is it still called a beef?
When you have a bladder infection, urine trouble.
Whenever I try to eat healthy, a chocolate bar looks at me and Snickers.
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the boat doc.
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the dock.
Where do dads store their dad jokes? In the dad-a-base.
Where do fruits go on vacation? Pear-is!
Where do hamburgers go to dance? The meatball.
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square.
Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores.
Where do polar bears keep their money? The snow bank.
Where do wasps like to get lunch? A bee-stro.
Where do you learn all about ice cream? Sundae school.
Where do you learn to make a banana split? Sundae school.
Where do you learn to make ice cream? At sundae school.
Where do young trees go to learn? Elementree school.
Where was the dripping coming from in the fridge? The leeks.
Which U.S. state is known for its especially small soft drinks? Minnesota.
Which bathroom appliance would be the worst life preserver? The sink.
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh!
Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays.
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
Who were the greenest Presidents in US history? The bushes.
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools!
Why are piggy banks so wise? They're filled with common cents.
Why are pigs bad drivers? Because they hog the road.
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball.
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
Why can't a leopard hide? He's always spotted.
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent.
Why can't you trust an atom? Because they make up everything.
Why can't your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired!
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
Why couldn't the bike stand up on its own? Because it was too tired.
Why couldn't the couple get married at the library? It was all booked up.
Why couldn't the couple respond right away when looking at wedding venues? They were engaged.
Why couldn't the duck be quiet? Because it was addicted to quack.
Why couldn't the family leave the room after playing with Legos? They were blocked.
Why couldn't the toilet paper cross the road? Because it got stuck in a crack.
Why did Billy get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones.
Why did Waldo go to therapy? Because he needed to find himself.
Why did police arrest the turkey? They suspected fowl play.
Why did the Invisible Man turn down a job offer? He couldn’t see himself doing it.
Why did the Oreo go to the dentist? Because it lost its filling.
Why did the baby strawberry cry? Because its mother was in a jam.
Why did the baseball player get arrested? Because he stole second base.
Why did the bedding hide their relationship? They just wanted something pillow-key!
Why did the cashier rip money in half? They were asked to break a bill.
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarterback.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged!
Why did the computer catch cold? It left a window open.
Why did the computer get glasses? To improve its website.
Why did the computer go to bed? It needed to crash.
Why did the deer go to the dentist? It had buck teeth.
Why did the employee get fired from the keyboard factory? He wasn't putting in enough shifts.
Why did the envelope take so long to get ready? It had to get addressed.
Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
Why did the girl toss a clock out the window? She wanted to see time fly.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
Why did the lobster blush? Because it saw the ocean's bottom!
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn't see that well!
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn’t see that well.
Why did the math book look sad? Because it had too many problems!
Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems!
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice.
Why did the pharmacist walk on her tiptoes? She didn't want to wake the sleeping pills.
Why did the physicist and the biologist break up? Because they had no chemistry.
Why did the picture go to prison? Because it was framed.
Why did the pony ask for a glass of water? Because it was a little horse.
Why did the pug buy a clock? It wanted to be a watchdog.
Why did the roofer go to the doctor? He had shingles.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was out standing in his field.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.
Why did the tailor get fired? He wasn’t a good fit.
Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw the salad dressing.
Why did the watch go on vacation? Because it needed to unwind.
Why did two tall people get along so well? They could really see eye to eye.
Why didn't the skeleton climb the mountain? It didn't have the guts.
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood.
Why didn’t the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space.
Why didn’t the sun go to college? It already had a million degrees.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
Why do dads feel the need to tell such bad jokes? They just want to help you become a groan up.
Why do fathers take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing? In case they get a hole in one!
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
Why do melons have weddings? They cantaloupe!
Why do pancakes always win at baseball? They have the best batter.
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero.
Why do seagulls fly over the ocean? Because if they flew over the bay, we'd call them bagels.
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? If they flew over the bay, they would be bagels.
Why do some couples go to the gym? Because they want their relationship to work out.
Why do vampires always seem sick? They're coffin.
Why does a husband lead a dog's life? He comes in with muddy feet, gets comfortable by the fire, and waits to be fed.
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They might crack up!
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up.
Why don't phones ever go hungry? They have plenty of apps to choose from.
Why don't skeletons fight each other? They don't have the guts!
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He neverlands.
Why is cold water so insecure? Because it’s never called hot.
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it's so time-consuming.
Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house? Because the ghosts bring all the boos.
Why is no one friends with Dracula? He's a pain in the neck.
Why is sand so optimistic? It has a can-dune attitude.
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand? Because a toothbrush works better.
Why shouldn't you tell an egg a joke? It'll crack up.
Why shouldn’t you write with a broken pencil? Because it’s pointless.
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021.
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate nine!
Why was the broom late to class? It over-swept.
Why was the color green notoriously single? It was always so jaded.
Why was the cow such a heartthrob on the farm? He was a s-moo-th talker.
Why was the dad sitting on a pack of playing cards? His kid asked him to sit on the deck.
Why was the ghost so tired? He worked the graveyard shift.
Why was the gossip disliked at the coffee shop? She always spilled the tea.
Why was the hockey player gifted a new cap? He was known for his hat tricks.
Why was the stadium so hot after the game? Because all the fans left.
Why was the traffic light late to work? It took too long to change.
Why were spectators confused by the koala's self-portrait? It was bear.
Why were the utensils stuck together? They were spooning.
Why would doors do well on social media? Everyone looks for their handles.
Why'd the alternate universe Spider-Man do so well on his driving test? He's an excellent parallel Parker.
Why'd the fisherman order the halibut? Just for the halibut!
Women should not have children after 36—really, 36 children is enough.
You can tell it's a dogwood tree from its bark.
You can't spell par entry without 'try.'
You can't trust atoms. They make up everything!
You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine.
You think swimming with sharks is expensive? Swimming with sharks cost me an arm and a leg.
You used to be able to get air for free at gas stations, but now it's a $1. That's inflation for you.
You’re American when you go into a bathroom and when you come out, but what are you while you’re in the bathroom? European.
'Just look at that couple down the road,' a wife told her husband. 'He keeps holding her hand, kissing her, holding the door for her. Why can’t you do that?' 'Are you insane?' he responded. 'I barely know the woman!'
'Just say NO to drugs!' Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes.